Disable qt6 (#118)
QuasarApp/Hanoi-Towers: CMakeLists.txt

addDoc(${PROJECT_NAME} ${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/doxygen.conf)

find_package(QT NAMES Qt6 Qt5 COMPONENTS Core REQUIRED)

if(${QT_VERSION_MAJOR} GREATER 5)

>     message("This project not support qt 6 please use the qt5 fir building.")

Author: ```suggestion
    message("This project not support qt6 libraries. Please use the qt5 libraries for building.")
```
